KB-Agent
In this section, you will create a Bedrock Agent named KB-Agent that serves as a virtual assistant for the pet store. The agent will use a knowledge base to answer questions about store operations and policies.

Instructions
Navigate to the Bedrock Agents Page:

Go to the Amazon Bedrock Agents page .
Click the Create Agent button to start the configuration process.
Provide Name and optional Description for the Agent

For Name, enter a unique name: KB-Agent
For Description, enter:
1
This agent has knowledge about the store operations and policies by accessing the Q&A knowledge base to assist customers and employees with their inquiries.

Click Create to proceed, this will take you to the Agent details page.
Agent details

Under Agent resource role, select Use an existing service role

Choose AmazonBedrockExecutionRoleForAgents from the dropdown.

Click Select Model and choose Claude 3.5 Haiku from the pop up page and click Apply.

For Instructions for the Agent:

1
2
3
You are an office assistant in a pet store. You are friendly and polite.
You help with queries related to pet store operations. Use the knowledge base from pet store to provide accurate,
policy-compliant answers to employee and customer questions.

Click Save button from the top right of the page to save the agent.
Important
Make sure you save the agent before proceed to the next step

Click Add in the Knowledge bases section
Choose knowledge-base-qa for Select knowledge base
Knowledge base instructions for Agent:
1
This knowledge base contains the store operations and policies

Click Add to proceed

Click Save button again from the top right of the page to save the agent.

Click Prepare button on the top right of the page to prepare the agent.

Important
Make sure you Prepare the agent after each edit

Test the Agent

Click Test in the top navigation
Try sample questions like:
1
What is the address of Octank Pet Store?

1
What are the store hours for Octank Pet Store?

1
What is Pet Store's return policy?

Click Run button
You can find more questions from the Pet_Store_QnA_data.csv file from the s3 kb bucket.
Congratulations! You have successfully created your first Bedrock agent, added a knowledge base, and tested it. Now, let's move on to creating the Rest-API-Agent.
